Documentation collaborative learning scenario [19185] (#90)
eProsima/AML-IP: amlip_docs/rst/user_manual/scenarios/collaborative_learning.rst

.. include:: ../../exports/alias.include

.. _user_manual_scenarios_collaborative_learning:

###############################
Collaborative Learning Scenario
###############################

This :term:`Scenario` performs the action of  work on the same problem independently in remote nodes,
using different training datasets, in order to share the knowledge learned with other nodes and
do not block any other important actions that may require to run in the same device.

> This creates a more complex and accurate model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This intends to lead towards a more complex and accurate model.
```

> It uses the :ref:`user_manual_dds_rpc` communication to publish those problems in an efficient way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It leverages the :ref:`user_manual_dds_rpc` communication protocol/paradigm in order to exchange all required information (model requests/replies) in an efficient way.
```

.. figure:: /rst/figures/collaborative_learning_scenario.png
    :align: center
    :width: 75%

.. _user_manual_scenarios_collaborative_learning_model:

Model Data Type
===============

The **Model** Data Type represents a problem request.
Internally, *requests* sent from a *Model Manager Receiver Node* to a *Model Manager Sender Node* are treated as byte arrays of arbitrary size.
So far, the interaction with this class could be done from a :code:`void*`, a byte array or a string.

.. note::

    A more specific Data Type will be implemented in future releases for efficiency improvements.

.. _user_manual_scenarios_collaborative_learning_solution:

Model Solution Data Type
========================

> The **Solution** Data Type represents a problem reply with a more complex and accurate model.

Reviewer: Get rid of the "more complex and accurate model" everywhere please.

The *replies* sent from a *Model Manager Sender Node* to a *Model Manager Receiver Node* are treated as a bytes array of arbitrary size.
So far, the interaction with this class could be done from a :code:`void*`, a byte array or a string.

.. note::

    A more specific Data Type will be implemented in future releases for efficiency improvements.

.. _user_manual_scenarios_collaborative_learning_statistics:

Model Statistics Data Type
==========================

> The **Statistics** Data Type represents the statistics of a model, such as the weights or the dataset.

Reviewer: If multiple models is a possibility, change to plural where applies.

Author: I mean model size, but it is just an example of what can be included, could be whatever we want.

> The **Statistics** Data Type represents the statistics of a model, such as the weights or the dataset.

Reviewer: Weights? You mean model size? Or accuracy measures?

Author: I mean model size, but it is just an example of what can be included, could be whatever we want.
